When Wendell fled, Harold just came in, followed by his sister Wendy and his fiance Yunlong White.

Beside Yunlong, there was also a young man dressed in luxurious clothes. Looking at his face, he looked a bit like Gerald.

When he met Wendell head-on, Harold said hurriedly: 'Oh, brother Wendell! When I just came in, I heard someone say something happened to your family? Really?'

Wendell pushed him away in despair, muttering in his mouth: 'It's over, it's over, it's all over'

Harold asked with concern: 'Mr. Jones, what's wrong with you?' Wendell shook his head in fear, dare not say anything.
He had no doubt that if he said something that he shouldn't say, he might be corpse on the street tomorrow.

So Wendell broke away from Harold's hand and ran out in despair.

Harold looked at his back and sighed, 'I guess this house is really finished, sh!t, too soon, right? It was fine yesterday, but today it is bankrupt!'

Later, when Harold saw Charlie and Claire, he was moved with bad thoughts, and
hurriedly greeted Claire, 'Claire, I will introduce you to this distinguished guest. This is Gerald's cousin, Fred White. , The eldest son of the White family.'

'Brother Fred, this is my cousin, Claire.' Harold introduced to Fred with a flattering expression.

As soon as Fred came in, his eyes were tightly focused on Claire. Hearing the words, he quickly stretched out his hand and said: 'Hello Claire. I have heard about the beauty of the daughter of the Willson family a long time ago. Seeing it today, it really deserves its reputation.'

A trace of dissatisfaction flashed in Charlie's eyes. There was no way for his wife to be beautiful, and the flies around her would be annoying to death after catching one after another.

So he stretched out his hand first, shook hands with Fred, and said coldly: 'Hello, I am Claire's husband.'

'You?' Fred looked up and down at Charlie, his disdain was overwhelming, and he
withdrew his hand before he said indifferently: 'I didn't expect Claire to be married. It's really a flower on the cow dung.'

Wendy quickly explained on the side: 'Brother Fred, this rubbish is imported into our Willson family. He has no job and no ability!'

After finishing speaking, she deliberately winked at Fred and said, 'Brother Fred, after I marry Gerald, we will be considered as a family, and we must have more contact by
then.'

Fred naturally knew what she meant. This was to encourage him to pursue Claire. Then he smiled and said, 'Miss Claire is as beautiful as an immortal. If I can communicate more, I can't ask for it.'

At this moment, Charlie also saw his mother-in-law Elaine and father-in-law Jacob approaching.

After Elaine walked over, he hurriedly said to Claire, 'Claire, have you heard about it? Jones family is bankrupt!'

'Huh?' Claire asked in surprise: 'When did it happen?'

'Just now!' Elaine sighed: 'I thought you would divorce Charlie in the future, and you can be with Wendell, but now it's nothing to watch.'

Charlie was very depressed, is this mother-in-law a fool? Don't know that the current son-in-law is the real son-in-law?

After seeing Elaine, Fred hurried over and introduced himself: 'You must be Claire's mother, right? Auntie, I am Gerald's cousin Fred. You are so beautiful, no wonder you can give birth to Claire. Such a beautiful daughter.'

When Elaine heard that Fred turned out to be Gerald's cousin, the eldest son of the White family, and the son of the rich family! Her eyes lit up and she said enthusiastically: 'Yes, I am Claire's mother. Are you and Claire friends?'

Fred nodded and smiled: 'Kind of friends, but I just met today!'

Elaine was full of joy, and quickly nodded and said: 'Everyone quickly find a place to sit, don't stand, Mr. White, you young people, you should have more contact in the future.'

'Mom!' Claire exclaimed in dissatisfaction, preventing her mother from continuing.

Elaine was about to say something, Claire gave her a hand to remind everyone to pay attention to the stage.

At this time, Mrs. Willson was already standing in the spotlight!

She looked around with excitement before she stood in front of the microphone and smiled and said: 'First of all, on behalf of the Willson family, I welcome dear friends and partners to come to our banquet.'

'Then, let us welcome the Vice Chairman of Emgrand Group, Ms. Doris.'

The spotlight moved instantaneously, hitting the beam of light on the front seat.

Wearing a black evening dress, Doris completely exposed her perfect figure to everyone's eyes. Under the light, she was as dazzling as a fairy, and all the men in the field couldn't help but focus on her.

Emgrand Group, Vice Chairman! Peerless beauty! Each of these identities is enough to attract everyone's attention.

After Doris stood up, she just nodded to the crowd. When she saw Charlie, her eyes stayed for a while before she moved away.

At this time, the Old Mrs. Willson continued to speak: 'Today, I would like to thank the Emgrand Group for being able to entrust such an important project to the Willson
family. The Willson family will definitely go all out to live up to the trust of Emgrand.'

'Secondly, we also want to introduce to our friends an outstanding junior of our Willson family. If it weren't for him, we would not have reached a cooperation with Emgrand.
Moreover, after mutual consultation of our group, we decided to nominate him as our Willson Group's Director, is solely responsible for the cooperation with Emgrand Group!'

The mother-in-law Elaine said excitedly: 'Oh, Claire! It's time for you to be on stage!'

Although Claire was ready to take the stage, she was still nervous. Charlie immediately cast an encouraging look at her.
Harold looked at Claire who was full of excitement, and couldn't help but show a sneer at the corner of his mouth.

Old Mrs. Willson also looked at the table and spoke with a smile. 'Let us welcome the new director of the Willson Group, Harold!' Claire's figure instantly froze in place
She looked to the side in disbelief, but saw Harold proudly and stepped onto the stage. Charlie's eyes turned cold instantly.
A good way to cross the river and demolish the bridge!

The Willson family, after using Claire, immediately abandoned her, not caring about her feelings at all!

Claire's eye circles instantly turned red, and tears kept rolling in his eye sockets. Immediately afterward, she stood up and ran out of the door without looking back. For her, how happy she was when she came, how desperate she was now!
Charlie watched her leave, his face even colder. Bullying my wife? Are you looking for death?
At this time, Harold stood on the stage and said proudly: 'Thank you for the trust of the company, I will definitely work hard to be a director! I will definitely complete the project given to us by Emgrand Group!'

Mrs. Willson nodded in satisfaction, took the words, and said: 'There is one more important thing about this banquet, that is, we are fortunate to have Mr. Wade, the new chairman of the Emgrand Group! Please use the warmest Applause, welcome to
Chairman Wade!'

There was thunderous applause from the audience!

All the guests tonight are rushing to the new chairman of Emgrand Group! Everyone is waiting to see his style!
Everyone is watching privately, just want to see, who will stand up at this moment!

Someone even said: 'I suspect that the mysterious chairman of the Emgrand Group is the same person as the super goddess who made a lot of noise at Rare Earth on the Internet!'

'I also think it's very possible! That super hero's back looks strange, it shouldn't be in the Aurous Hill circle!'

'God! If you say that, isn't the chairman of Emgrand Group the most powerful super-rich in Aurous Hill?'

'I look forward to seeing him in his true colors!'

In this fierce applause, under the eager attention of countless people, Charlie suddenly, with cold his face and slowly stood up

Chapter 21
In everyone's incredible eyes, Charlie slowly stood up.

The eyes of the entire banquet hall focused on him in an instant.

'Charlie, what are you doing! Sit down!' Elaine quickly reminded him in fright.

He didn't look at what occasion it was! There are so many big men present, none of them dared to stand up, you Charlie are a wasteful son-in-law, what makes you think the limelight at this time is for you?

Fred and Gerald also glanced at each other, secretly saying in their hearts, d*mn, the chairman of the Emgrand Group would really be him, right?

But then, the two shook their heads again.

Impossible, if he is really the chairman of Emgrand, how could he be scolded by Elaine?

'What are you rubbish! sit down in your place!' Harold shouted from the stage with a dark face.

Charlie glanced at him coldly, then walked straight to Doris Young, completely ignoring everyone's horrified gaze, and whispered a few words in her ear.

While listening, Doris Young nodded slightly.

This scene made everyone's heart tighten instantly.

Doris Young! The vice-chairman of Emgrand Group, the famous beauty of Aurous Hill City! Charlie, a wasteful son-in-law, how could he know her? And looking like this, the relationship between the two seems pretty good.

After speaking, Charlie stepped out of the hall regardless of everyone's gaze, focused on him, he went out to chase Claire.

But Doris Young stood up, stepped onto the stage, took the microphone, and said in the blank eyes of everyone: 'Hello everyone, this is Doris Young. Mr. Charlie was outside the venue before and met our chairman. He brought me a world.'

When everyone heard that Charlie was not the chairman of Emgrand, they were relieved.

Fred White breathed a sigh of relief and whispered disdainfully: 'It's just that he met someone once, so he tried desperately to cheat on the assistant. It's really rubbish.'

Gerald White shrugged and said with a smile: 'This is how the little guy is.'

At this time, Doris Young on the stage glanced at Mrs. Willson, her face turned cold: 'The chairman asked me to inform you.'

'From now on, Emgrand Group terminates its cooperation with Willson's, and the signed contract is declared invalid!'

'boom!'

The crowd exploded in an instant, and no one expected that Doris Young would say such a thing.

This sudden change made everyone stunned.

Old Mrs. Willson paled instantly and asked eagerly: 'Dear vice-chair, what is this? Is there anything in our Willson family that is wrong?'

Today, she invited all the people in Aurora Hill with good repute, hoping to take this opportunity to become famous in Aurous Hill.

If under all the eyes of everyone, the Willson family would be stepped on the soles of their feet if they cooperated.

Doris Young said: 'This project was originally our chairman's approval of Ms. Claire before cooperating with you, but you made your own claim and asked an inexplicable person to take charge of this project. Sorry, we don't accept it!'

After speaking, Doris Young put down the microphone and walked out the door without looking back.

Old Mrs. Willson's face was pale, and she slumped on the stage for an instant.

She never dreamed that her momentary cleverness would have ruined this golden opportunity for good!

Had she known this situation a long time ago, she would not have allow Harold to replace Claire's directorship.

Harold was also very at a loss this time, what's the matter? It seems that Doris Young deliberately targeted him, and he did not even offend her!

Harold couldn't help asking the Old Mrs. Willson: 'Grandma, the director's appointment has been announced, you won't regret it?'

Old Mrs. Willson struggled to stand up, raised her hand and slapped him, angrily
scolded: 'b*stard stuff, you still don't want to miss the directorship, even at such a time!'

Chapter 22
After Charlie went out, he realized that Claire hadn't gone far, just squatting in an unmanned corner next to the hotel, crying aggrievedly.

He slowly approached, took off his coat, put on Claire, and said: 'My wife, don't be sad, the director of the Willson family is not a treasure, no matter it's inappropriate for your family to treat you like that.'

'You don't understand, if I become the director, my parents will be able to raise their eyes in the Willson family, how can grandma turn back,' Claire whimpered.

Charlie continued to persuade: 'Maybe they will have to come and beg you to be the director. You are crying like this now, and you won't look pretty after a while on stage.'

Claire choked and said, 'How is it possible? Grandma has said everything, and there will be no chance of turning back. Leave me, let me be alone.'

At this moment, Mrs. Willson and Harold also ran out of the banquet hall.

The Lady Willson was too old and out of breath when she ran. A large group of people behind her came out to watch the scene in excitement.

After Harold came out, he saw Charlie and Claire.

He ran forward quickly, looked down at Claire with dim eyes, and blurted out: 'Claire, hurry up and chase Miss Doris, let her not terminate cooperation with us!'

Claire looked blank: 'Terminate cooperation? Why?'

Harold said angrily: 'You are here pretending to be innocent. You must have instructed Miss Doris to embarrass me publicly. If you don't settle this matter for me, I can't spare you!'

Snapped!

The Old Mrs. Willson who was on the side slapped Harold angrily again and said 'You b@stard, how can you talk to your sister like that! She is the director of our Willson Group!'

Harold was anxious: 'Didn't grandma chose me as the director?'

The Old Mrs. Willson said angrily: 'If you hadn't given me Ecstasy, how could I change my mind temporarily? If you continue to be reluctant, get out of the Willson family!'

After being smoked twice by the Lady Willson, Harold was extremely angry, but he dared not speak, so he could only swallow his anger temporarily.

The Old Mrs. Willson said to Claire again at this time: 'Claire, grandma begs you, you are now the director of the Willson family, hurry up and explain to Miss Doris, otherwise, our Willson family will be in ruins!'

Claire looked at Charlie blankly with doubts.

Charlie shrugged and said, 'I told you, they have to come and beg you to be the director in a while, you didn't believe me, look, your face is all messed up.'

Claire blushed, wiped her tears, and said, 'Then I will try to contact Emgrand.' After speaking, she dialed Doris Young's phone.
Everyone's eyes focused on her.

After a while, the phone was connected, and Claire said: 'Hello, Miss Doris, grandma asked me to explain to you, I will be promoted to the director of the Willson family, responsible for the cooperation with Emgrand, can you give us another chance? '

Doris Young chuckled and said, 'If you are the director and can take the charge then there is no problem. The cooperation can continue, but if it is someone else, everything stays at the current status.'

'Miss Doris thank you so much!'

Claire was always puzzled about this matter in her heart. From beginning to end, the Emgrand Group seemed to be here entirely to help her, which was too abnormal.

Doris Young said with a smile: 'This is what our chairman meant. If there is a chance in the future, the chairman will explain it to you personally.'

Claire was even more puzzled. Who was the chairman of the other party, and she had never seen him. Why did the other party help him everywhere?

'Then, can you please return to the banquet hall again?' Claire asked nervously.

The other party had left with anger, obviously irritated by the Willson family. At this time, asking the other party to come back is a bit difficult.

But she didn't expect that Doris Young agreed resolutely.

Soon everyone saw that Doris Young's car had returned to the door of the hotel. At this moment, everyone looked at Claire's gaze, all filled with horror and awe.
Chapter 23
When everyone returned to the banquet hall, the Lady Willson took Claire's hand on the stage.

With an intimate gesture, she said, 'I'm really sorry for just now, it was me who made a mistake, in fact, thanks to Claire this time, she is the outstanding descendant of our

Willson family. This time the cooperation between the Willson family and the Emgrand resulted from the efforts of Claire. She really made great efforts.'

Doris Young stood by her side, glanced at her disdainfully, waved her hand to stop her from speaking further, and said: 'I will correct it. In this cooperation, Miss Claire has not only made great efforts, but completely it is made possible by her power, and has
nothing to do with other people.'

This is extremely rude, but everyone is accustomed to it. With the status of an emperor, even if Doris Young slaps the Lady Willson in public, she dare not say anything.

The Old Mrs. Willson nodded quickly and said: 'Vice-chair Doris is right. For everything, the credit goes to Claire. From now on, Claire will be the director of the Willson family's business! Fully responsible for the cooperation between the Willson family and the Emgrand Group!'

Doris Young showed a slight smile and shook hands with Claire and said, 'I hope we can cooperate happily in the future.'

Claire was still a little at loss, and could only nod her confused head.

The audience burst into thunderous applause, and everyone looked at Claire's eyes, also full of enthusiasm.

This woman, who is on the list! The Emgrand Group treats her so seriously!

Claire herself was also confused. She turned her head to look at Charlie. The situation at this time was exactly the same as what Charlie had just said. Old Mrs. Willson returned the position of director that should belong to her.

Until the banquet was over, Claire was still in a daze after returning home.

Recalling what Charlie had said before, she couldn't help but feel a little puzzled. In the past few days, Charlie seemed to have become a little different.

There seemed to be many things on his body that she didn't understand, like it was covered by layers of mist.

This night, Claire became famous in Aurous Hill!

Everyone knows that there is an outstanding junior from the Willson family, and the Emgrand Group is on her back!

It seems that with her, the revitalization of the Willson family is just around the corner The next morning, Claire woke up early and hurried to the company refreshed.
Today is her first day as a director. She hopes that she can go all out to do this thing well.

After Charlie got up, he started to do housework as always.

When Charlie finished his housework and was about to go to the vegetable market to buy vegetables for lunch, he suddenly received a call from his mother-in-law Elaine.

After answering the call, the mother-in-law's extremely anxious voice came from over there: 'Charlie, within ten minutes, you must rush to the safe road for me, otherwise I won't spare you when I go home!'

After that, she hung up the phone.

Charlie was confused. The mother-in-law didn't say anything early in the morning. At this moment, she called suddenly, as if something urgent had happened.

Although Charlie was very disgusted with his mother-in-law, he did not dare to neglect her orders. After hurriedly cleaning up, he went out to take a taxi and rushed to Safe Road.

When he got out of the car, he saw a group of grandpas and aunts surrounded aggressively at the door of a closed insurance company.

And his mother-in-law stood at the forefront of the team, holding a banner in her hand, shouting angrily: 'Rubbish Harley, Fake platform, We Want Our Rights, and pay back my hard-earned money!'

Charlie hurriedly stepped forward and asked: 'Mom, you called me over, what's the matter?'

As he was speaking, the condemning slogans sounded in his ear again, the grandfathers and aunts shouted hoarsely that rang the eardrums of the passerby's.

Elaine pulled Charlie over, asked him to take her place, and then ordered: 'Come on, shout this slogan for me, I have been yelling it all morning, and my voice has become hoars.'

Chapter 24
Charlie didn't know why, but he could only protest with a few uncles and aunts. When shouting slogans, he inquired with an uncle next to him from time to time, and then he understood what was going on.

It turned out that this Harley Insurance Co., Ltd. offered insurance products with extremely high return rates.

And this elderly were attracted by the high rate of return. Everyone bought a lot of insurance products under the company's name and became their customers.

This is the fixed time to pay dividends. Unexpectedly, when these elders and aunts came to withdraw cash, they discovered that the door of the company was closed, and only a few employees were at the door, using botched excuses to prevaricate everyone.

This gang of grandpas and aunts realized that they were deceived by the empty gloved white wolf.

No wonder the mother-in-law wanted to call him over in a hurry and asked him to participate with him.

Thinking of this, Charlie grew big and couldn't help but ask his mother-in-law: 'Mom, how much insurance did you buy?'

Elaine said anxiously: 'They told me that buying the insurance products will bring me a lot of dividends, my head got dizzy and I bought all of their products with all the money from home.'

Charlie was taken aback, 'What? All the money from home used to buy insurance?'

After hearing this sentence, Elaine immediately became irritated and cursed: 'Just do you have a mouth? Do you think I am not embarrassed enough? Why speak so loudly?!'

As she spoke, she continued her carping and said, 'If you had brought me some profit I would not have bought the products of this insurance company. With a wast son in law like you at the house, what else were my options for the money at home?'

This guy, it's okay when he does not support the family. But now he is laughing at her, as if he'd made fortunes with that money.

Immediately, she said to Charlie: 'I am telling you, keep chanting slogans here to help me, you can't stop for a moment!'

Charlie couldn't help but nodded and said, 'Okay mom.'

At this moment, several aunts came over, looked up and down Charlie, then asked Elaine: 'Sister Elaine, is this your son-in-law?'

As they spoke, they scanned Charlie's clothes again, shook their head, and laughed:
'Why does he look so poor? he does not look like a son-in-law material from any angle.' 'Yes, this dress is worn too many times! It can't compare to that of Lady Willson!'
Some people are so good at disparaging, the ridicule in and out of the words is particularly harsh.

Charlie didn't care. They were all old ladies who had fallen into the soil up to half of their bodies. Now they have lost their savings for a lifetime, so he doesn't need to exchange words with them.

Elaine was also very angry at this time, and the more Charlie looked at it, the more unpleasant she was. She blurted out: 'Look at him, I'll let my daughter divorce him in a few days! Change her future with a new son-in-law!'

Charlie sneered in his heart. If you add the rich second generations of Aurous Hill in, it can't be compare with his half finger.

Elaine was anxiously worried at this time, Charlie was a waste, and at most he could shout slogans for her.

If she wants to invest back, she still needs someone with real ability to come and help solve it.

It's a pity that Wendell Jones's family who has been pursuing her daughter has gone bankrupt. Otherwise, She could ask them to help!

correct!

Elaine suddenly remembered that Gerald's brother, Fred, whom she met at the family banquet yesterday is her hope.

Judging from his attitude towards her daughter at the time, it is estimated that he had some thoughts about Claire.

Although the White family is not as good as the previous Jones family, it is still a big family. If she calls him over, there should be a way.

It just so happened that Fred White left his Business card yesterday, so she took her phone out and dialed Fred's number.

Chapter 25
The call got connected soon.

Elaine said, 'Hey, is it Fred? This is Clair's mother.'

Ever since Fred White saw Claire at the banquet, he was shocked as a heavenly man and never forgot about her.

He was worried that he had no chance to get close to Claire, and it happened that Claire's mother called herself.

He speculated that Elaine was in trouble, and of course he would not let go of this opportunity for courtesy.

So, he immediately greeted politely: 'Aunt Elaine, is everything Okay?' 'Well, there is something Auntie needs your help for.'
Elaine hurriedly said: 'Fred, a few old sisters and I bought some wealth management products from an insurance company called Harley, and the wealth of the family has been invested in it, but now this company does not allow withdrawals. Can you find a way to help Auntie get the money back?'

After listening, Fred was overjoyed. He felt that it was time to perform and said
confidently: 'Auntie, don't worry, I will come to you now and I will definitely help you solve this matter!'

Elaine was immediately excited, and hurriedly said, 'Thank you so much!'

Hanging up the phone, she looked at Charlie again and said angrily: 'Some people don't have any abilities, just can't count on them. Besides shouting two slogans, what are they for? Utterly useless.'

Charlie sneered after listening, this mother-in-law was really snobbish and blind. She called Fred for help?
This company has defrauded at least tens of millions or more of funds. Those who dare to swindle so much money must have a very strong backing. Itis even possible that they are bigwigs in the underground world.. How could Fred White let scammers spit out the money?

The White family's strength is very average. After the Emgrand Group ceased
cooperation, its strength has shrunk even more. With the White family's background, it is basically impossible to interfere in such a large financial fraud.

In fact, this little matter can be solved immediately by calling Issac Craven from Shangri- La.

After all, he is the spokesperson of the Wade family in Aurous Hill, and any Aurous Hill entrepreneur or big figure in black and white must give him enough face.

However, my mother-in-law is really hateful. Since she believes in Fred White, let Fred White help her. Let's see what he can do for her.

When someone saw Elaine made a phone call, they immediately smiled, and immediately surrounded her and asked her if she had found any important figure to help them out?

Elaine proudly said to a group of old ladies and men around her'Don't worry, I asked the eldest master of the White family to come and help. Hey will make some calls, and our hard-earned money will be returned hopefully.'

Someone exclaimed, 'The eldest young master of the White family? Or sister, you are great, you can find such a great personality.'

'Yes, then Young Mr. White must have a lot of contacts. To solve our problem, isn't it just a matter of a few words?'

'Sister, since you have such good contacts, why didn't you marry your daughter to someone like him, instead of giving your daughter to such a sh!t?'

Elaine glanced at Charlie disdainfully, and snorted coldly: 'This kind of waste will be swept out by our Willson family sooner or later!'

Charlie didn't say a word, planning to wait for Fred White to come to see how he hit the wall.

Soon, a black Porsche slowly stopped in front of everyone.

A young man in a suit and leather shoes, with seemingly talented looks came out of the car.

Fred White is here.

The old men and women all around were sighing: 'Oh, look at people, this is a young talent! Such a good son-in-law, I don't know who's daughter will be lucky in the future to be his wife.'

Chapter 26
'Yeah! If my daughter could marry him, I would die of happiness!'

'Bah, stop dreaming! Even if you die, people won't look down on your girl!'

At this moment, Elaine saw Fred White at once, and immediately ran forward, and said eagerly: 'Oh, Fred, you are here, your aunt is going to die!'

The person here is Fred White.

Fred White smiled and said, 'Auntie, I'm sorry, I have kept you waiting!'

Elaine hurriedly said: 'Oh, Fred, you are so polite. Auntie didn't wait for ten minutes. You came so fast!'

Fred White smiled and said, 'I heard that you were in trouble, so I drove over and ran through several red lights along the way.'

Elaine looked smug, but asked with concern, 'Isn't it troublesome to run so many red lights?'

'No.' Fred White said calmly: 'The traffic team in the city are all acquaintances, and a phone call can eliminate any violation.'

After speaking, Fred White said again: 'Let's talk about you! How much money have you been cheated off?'

Elaine sighed and said, 'A total of more than one million has been invested. It is said that this month's dividends can get 200,000, but the principal cannot be raised.'

Fred White nodded and said in a boisterously: 'Don't worry, I will handle this matter. If I go out, I will definitely help you get the money back.'

After speaking, he suddenly saw Charlie standing behind Elaine, and his face changed slightly.

Unexpectedly, Charlie, an eye-catching waste, was there.

Since seeing Claire, Fred White's thoughts of her moved in his heart. After hearing his younger brother Gerald White said that Claire should still be single, this thought in his heart was even stronger.

Therefore, seeing Claire's rubbish husband, he naturally sneered.

He deliberately smiled and said: 'Oh, Brother Wade is here, do you have a way to help Aunt Elaine get back the investment? Or do you give it a try first? You won't turn around and blame me for stealing your limelight.'

Elaine hurriedly said, 'Let him try a bullsh*t, what can he do to help? He can just open his mouth and help shout some slogans! Fred, leave him alone.'

Fred White nodded and said sarcastically: 'Since Brother Wade doesn't have this ability, then I will give it a try!'

Charlie smiled slightly and said: 'Mr. Fred, come on, you can do it.'

Fred White laughed disdainfully. At this time, the gang of grandpas and aunts around Elaine gathered one by one, chanting on Elaine, and said: 'Elaine, can you let this little handsome guy also help us! All of us were cheated of hard-earned money!'

Elaine arrogantly said, 'Oh, I can't be ask him for that. Fred is giving me a favor, but he doesn't know you.'

Others pleaded with Fred White: 'Mr. White, you are so great, please help us too!'

Fred White dismissed other people but saw that Elaine loves petty things and
cheapness, so he smiled and said, 'Since everyone is Aunt's friends, then I can do you a favor.'

When everyone was overjoyed, Fred White looked arrogantly and said: 'It's just that I am helping you because of Aunt Elaine. Therefore, you must pay Aunt 10% for the money I get for you. Is it acceptable?'

Others hurriedly said, 'No problem! It's a lot better to get a return of 90 than nothing!'

As soon as Elaine heard this, she was immediately happy!

The money adds up to tens of millions considering all. If Fred White can really help to get it back, wouldn't she make millions?

Chapter 27
Just when Elaine was very excited, Fred White said loudly: 'Uncles and aunts, don't worry, I will go to communicate with them now, just keep waiting for the good news.'

Elaine felt that she was backed by Fred White at this moment, and no one dared to provoke her, so she immediately blurted out: 'Fred, I'll come with you!'

Charlie hurriedly said to Elaine: 'Mom, you'd better not go there and join in the fun. In case Fred White can't solve this matter, you may be in trouble!'

Huh!' Elaine said angrily: 'Do you dare to question Mr. Fred's abilities?'

The other aunts and grandpas were all expecting that Fred White could help them get back their hard-earned money, and now Charlie actually sang against everyone, naturally causing everyone dissatisfaction.

In the face of countless people's accusations, Charlie said calmly: 'Mom, it's okay for you to wait here. It's best not to join the negotiations.'

Elaine couldn't hear it at all, and immediately cursed: 'Shut your stinky mouth! this is not the place for you to speak?!'

Fred White's face was also full of arrogance, and he laughed and said, 'You're not good at it, but your jealousy is not small. Do you think I'm just like you, a Rubbish who just opens mouth and shouts slogans?'

Seeing that his mother-in-law did not listen to his persuasion, Charlie didn't speak any more at all, and said lightly: 'Okay, then I am waiting for the good news from Young Mr. White.'

To his mother-in-law Elaine, Charlie is getting on her nerves. She is too snobbish, but often blinded by appearances. To put it plainly, she is the Lady Willson with long hair and short insight.

Today's incident seems to be nothing more than a fraud, but after a little research, you know that the water behind is very deep. The mother-in-law has no vision, and she has to go to the muddy water herself. Then she can't help her elevated sense of importance.

Elaine didn't know that Charlie was kind, so she gave him a fierce look, and said to Fred White apologetically in the next second: 'Mr. Fred, don't take it to your heart if he says this rubbish. Auntie absolutely believes in you. '

Fred White smiled triumphantly and said: 'It's okay, auntie, I won't be inferior to a wimp.'

Having said that, he immediately said vigorously: 'Auntie, let's go over!' 'it is good!'
Fred White took Elaine through the crowd and stepped to the door of Harley Insurance Company.

As soon as the two arrived at the door, he immediately said loudly to several employees who were blocking the door: 'Go and tell your leader to immediately refund the money of these uncles and aunts, otherwise I will immediately let the lawyer team and the
public security organ intervene. At that time, you and your boss will be arrested!'

Elaine also echoed from the side: 'Have you heard of these dogs? We are supported now! If your scam company does not refund the money, be careful that Young Mr.
White is sending you all to prison!'

The young employee at the head was also a little nervous and hurriedly said, 'I'm sorry, I'm just a security guard, and I'm not responsible for the specific business!'

Fred White said coldly: 'Then call your boss and tell him that I am Fred White of the Aurous Hill Royal Family! Let him come and deal with it personally, otherwise, he will face the consequences!'

While speaking, Fred White's face was full of arrogance.

Although White family is not top in Aurous Hill, it is at least medium.

The boss of a scam company, after hearing his name, can he still save himself?

The young employee didn't know his depth and was a little scared, so he immediately called his boss.

Chapter 28
At this time, in the office of the chairman of Harley Insurance Company, the boss Harley Zhou was serving a middle-aged man in his forties with a flat face.

He smiled all over his face, took out a bank card from the drawer, handed it over
respectfully, and said: 'Fifth Lord, there are 30 million in this card. The password is your birthday. It is given to you this time. Please have a look at the dividends.'

The middle-aged man is dressed in a Thompson suit, looks a bit mad, but his eyes are not angry but majestic, and his aura is amazing.

If there were other people present, he would definitely recognize the identity of this middle-aged man.

He is Orvel Hong!

In the entire Aurous Hill, everyone knows that Orvel Hong is the underground emperor here, and no one dares to mess with him!

Orvel Hong looked at Harley Zhou, smiled approvingly, and said, 'Harley Zhou, I didn't expect you to be a good one, good, good!'

Harley Zhou hurriedly said, 'Fifth Lord, what about the troublesome Lady Willson downstairs?'

Orvel Hong said indifferently: 'A bunch of old things, don't care about them. If they
don't hear your words, I will arrange for the brethren to come over and give them some color to see!'

Harley Zhou breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly said, 'Thank you, Lord Orvel!'

Orvel Hong smiled and said: 'In the future, just let go of this kind of business. As long as you can make money, I will help you with anything.'

Harley Zhou was pleasantly surprised and humbled his face and said: 'Thank you, Lord Orvel! With your words, I will continue to work harder and we will make a fortune
together!'

Harley Zhou doesn't have a deep background in Aurous Hill, but this personality has one advantage, that is, he has a good mind and can make crooked ways.

He engaged in financial management and defrauded money. Knowing that he could not hold down such a large amount of money, he asked Orvel for help, provided part of the illegal income to Orvel, and sought asylum from Orvel.

Orvel Hong calls the shots in Aurous Hill, so he would naturally be safe and sound, and it was Orvel Hong who was the backer, so he does not have any worries about the future, and the fraudulent business was flourishing.

Just when Harley Zhou was excited about going to the Orvel line, his subordinates called and said in a convenient way: 'Boss, something has happened! There is a guy who
claims to be the young master of the White family, Fred White, he's demanding money immediately, otherwise, he will send you to prison!'

'd*mn, what about this?'

Harley Zhou frowned, and hurriedly said to Orvel Hong: 'Orvel, there is a man who
claims to be the Aurous Hill King's family downstairs, who is leading the group of old men and old ladies to make trouble! He said that he only covered the sky in Aurous Hill. Let us spit out all the money we collected, or we will be sent to prison'

Harley Zhou deliberately added fuel and jealousy in order to provoke Orvel Hong.

As he said, he bent down again and begged: 'Fifth Lord, the White family has some power in our Aurous Hill. If they hold on to me, I really can't afford to offend him. Please take action to help the little brother tide over this difficulty! '

'The King of Aurous Hill?'

Orvel Hong snorted and said, 'The little White family is not even a feather in my eyes! Even if he is in charge of the family, they have to bow down and salute when they see me! Now their junior dare to provoke me. When it comes to my head, I'm so tired and crooked!'

After all, Orvel Hong put Harley Zhou's filial bank card into his pocket, and said coldly: 'Let's go, I want to see, what kind of lifeless thing he is? Orvel Hong only eats money. who's asking me to spit it out!'

Chapter 29
Fred White stood at the door of Harley Company with a proud face.

He knew that today is a good opportunity for him to show off his strength in front of Claire's mother, and he must do it well.

As long as the mother is dealt with, why worry about the daughter?

When the time comes, he will be able to take Claire, a famous beauty in Aurous Hill, into his bag, and he's excited thinking about it!

So he said loudly: 'Uncles and aunts, please rest assured, the boss of this scam company will come over and refund everyone soon!'

When everyone heard this, they immediately applauded, one by one, all excited and intolerably happy.

Only Charlie looked at Fred White with a sneer on his face. This guy took himself too seriously, and he was afraid that he would die later.

When Fred White held his chin up and enjoyed the respect of everyone, the door of Harley Insurance Company was suddenly pushed open from the inside.

Later, they saw the boss Harley Zhou walking out together with a middle-aged man wearing a Thompson suit.

Although the middle-aged man is a bit older, he has an amazing aura, it is Orvel Hong!

Behind Orvel Hong, there were several strong men who followed closely. These were all his personal bodyguards, one by one with extraordinary strength.

Orvel Hong's status is too high, so although many people in Aurous Hill treat his name well, they have no chance to see him, so no one, including Fred White, recognizes him.

Everyone just recognized Harley Zhou, the boss of Harley Insurance. Then the atmosphere in the crowd exploded instantly!
'Mom, Fred really called Mr. Zhou over! He is really amazing!'

'Yes, thanks to Sister Elaine this time, we have hope for our money!'

'Sister Elaine, such a good young man, he is definitely a good candidate to be a son-in- law by thousand times!'

Elaine listened to the flattery of these old sisters, and was uncomfortable.

This Fred White really helped her to show off in front of a group of old sisters today.

Thinking of this, she smiled even more, looking at Fred White's eyes, she was indescribably satisfied.

At this time, Fred White walked forward triumphantly, with a lofty posture.

He did not know Harley Zhou, nor did he know Orvel Hong, but Harley Zhou seemed to respect Orvel Hong, so he mistook Orvel Hong for his boss.

So, he looked at Orvel Hong and said proudly: 'Are you the boss of Harley Insurance Company?'

Orvel Hong said with a faint smile: 'The boss is not me. I just help the boss. But if you have anything, you can tell me.'

Fred White suddenly realized, and then smiled disdainfully: 'A subordinate is a sh!t. You are not worthy of talking to me. Get out of here and let your boss come!'

Charlie shook his head and looked at Fred White like an idiot.

The Thompson suit man in front of him was amazing, and he had his subordinates following him. At first glance, he was the kind of ugly stuff, but Fred White ridiculed him so arrogantly, obviously seeking his own death.

Elaine on the side also sneered and agreed: 'Fre!, don't talk nonsense with this kind of shit, the one next to him is the boss of Harley Insurance!'

Harley Zhou was dumbfounded!

This Fred White, and this old woman are so courageous!

They even dared to insult Orvel Hong as a street dog and told him to go away. He really don't know how to write dead words!

In the whole Aurous Hill, who would dare to insult Orvel Hong so boldly? !

Even if there were, after being furious, Orvel Hong thrown into the river to feed the fish!

Chapter 30
At the moment when Fred White's voice just fell, a strong subordinate behind Orvel Hong immediately took a step forward, grabbed Fred White's hair, and slapped him from left to right.

'You shit! You dare to scold Orvel Hong, are you the god?'

After finishing speaking, he grabbed Elaine again, slapped her with a loud slap, and
cursed: 'Smelly lady, dare to scold Orvel Hong, believe it or not, I will tear your mouth open!'

boom!

When these words came out, both Fred White and Elaine were struck by lightning! What?
The man in Thompson suit in front of them is actually the famous Orvel Hong of Aurous Hill? !

And they were insulting him recklessly just now?

Thinking of this, the faces of the two of them became extremely pale in an instant, cold sweat broke out on their bodies, and they were scared to death.

Fred White reacted the fastest. He thumped and knelt directly in front of Orvel Hong. While kowtowing, he cried and pleaded: 'Fifth Lord, I was wrong. I apologize to you! I was blind and didn't recognize you. , I opened my mouth to scold you! These d*mn old men and old ladies have nothing to do with me. Please, please spare my life!'

After he finished speaking, he knelt down, slapped himself and apologized again. He broke down and cried.

He really didn't expect that the backing the boss of this scam company was actually the famous Orvel Hong of Aurous Hill!

Such a big man, let alone him, can't afford to offend even with his whole family behind! He regrets now and wants to die!
He just wanted to take this opportunity to offer Claire's mother a courtesy, so that he has the opportunity to contact Claire.

Unexpectedly, before he got his wish, he would offend Orvel Hong to death! If his father knew about this, he wouldn't have to kill himself?
At this scene, the group of grandparents around was shocked.

They also expected Fred White to help him get the money back, but who would have thought that in the next second, he would kneel directly on the ground and apologize to the man in Thompson suit before him.

And Elaine, who was quite proud just now, but now she was slapped a few times, embarrassed like a dead dog.

Orvel Hong snorted coldly and said to the people around him: 'Since this guy has such a cheap mouth, you will give him 10,000 slaps in turn. When will you slap him ten
thousand times?'

Fred White was so frightened hearing the 10,000 slaps in the face, he thought he'd be beaten to death.

At this time, Orvel Hong's men pointed to Elaine, who was beaten up and spread out, and blurted out, 'Fifth Lord, what about this Lady Willson?'

Orvel Hong glanced at Elaine in disgust, and said lightly: 'Ten thousand too!'

Elaine knelt on the ground with a frightened puff, and her whole body trembled violently. She was almost scared to death. She provokes Mr. Orvel, so can she still live?

At this moment, several of his subordinates stood up, some grabbed Fred White and some grabbed Elaine, and immediately prepared to move their hands.

Charlie has been watching this scene coldly in the crowd.

When he saw his mother-in-law being beaten, he didn't want to intervene, because his mother-in-law has always been so cheap, it should be a lesson to her.

However, if Orvel Hong's men slap her ten thousand times, if they don't beat her to death, they will at least maim her. Then how can he explain to his wife?

It would be very painful for his wife too!

He felt that he had no choice but to manage.

Just when a brawny man stretched his arms and was about to draw a mark on Elaine's old face fiercely, Charlie hurried forward and grabbed his wrist!
