Chapter 31
Elaine screamed in fright at this time, closed her eyes and was about to get twitched, but suddenly realized that the fierce slap had fallen.

When she opened her eyes, she was shocked!

Charlie, her Rubbish son-in-law, came out at this time and blocked the other's slap! This
Her mind was short-circuited at once, but she didn't react. Why is Charlie so daring?

Orvel Hong didn't expect that someone would dare to stand up for this d*mn Lady Willson at this time, and asked coldly: 'Who are you? Do you want to die too?'

Charlie smiled lightly: 'Mr. Orvel, right? Give me a face. You can beat this dog next to me, but my mother-in-law you can't!'

Orvel Hong said with a sullen face: 'This Lady Willson is your mother-in-law? Then what makes you think that you deserve a face?'

When he said this, Orvel Hong was already angry.

He has always been respected by countless people in Aurous Hill, but today he has encountered disrespect one after another.

First, there was a Fred White yelling in front of him, and a disgusting Lady Willson chirping beside him.

Now a young kid jumped out to point to himself. He really is the great Master Orvel. What kind of cats and dogs dare to contradict him at will?

Thinking of this, he immediately became furious and shouted to the people around him: 'Kill this guy who doesn't love his life!'

Charlie smiled faintly when he heard the words, and said, 'Don't worry, I'll make a call and let the person on the phone tell you.'

After all, he took out his cell phone and called Issac Craven, the person in charge of Shangri-La.

Once the phone was connected, he respectfully said to the convenience: 'Mr., what do you want?'

Charlie asked indifferently: 'There is a man named Orvel Hong in Aurous Hill, do you know him?'

Issac Craven hurriedly smiled and said, 'Mr., I know that name you mentioned. The outside world says that he is the underground emperor of Aurous Hill. In fact, he is just a small gangster!'

After speaking, Issac Craven said again: 'This grandson knows that I am from the Wade family, and he wants to flatter me. He has begged me several times for a meal. I have never paid attention to him. Why? Mr. Wade, do you know him?'

Charlie said lightly: 'Oh, this makes me want to kill him now.'

Issac Craven on the other side of the phone immediately exploded: 'd*mn, doesn't he want to live? How dare he provoke young master! Where are you now? I'll send someone over immediately and get rid of that filth !'

Charlie said: 'Call him, you can tell him.'

After speaking, he handed the phone to Hong and said, 'Come on, you can pick it up.' Orvel Hong looked suspicious.
what's the situation? It doesn't look like this guy is acting.

Does he really have a terrific background?

It doesn't look like it. The clothes are very common, and the total amount of money may not be five hundred. Even the mobile phone used is a few hundred at maximum. What can he do? Can he find someone to support?

He was very disdainful, but Orvel Hong still subconsciously took the call and asked tentatively: 'Hey, I am Orvel Hong, who are you? Want to support this kid?'

On the phone, Issac Craven cursed, 'Orvel! Are you so f*cking tired and crooked? Even you dare to provoke my master? Believe it or not, I will let your family die tonight with 25 people without a place for you to be buried!'

Chapter 32
Orvel Hong heard this voice, isn't this Issac Craven, who has been sharpening his head all the time and wants to curry favor?

He said he provoke his young master? Could it be this kid in front of me?
In addition, as soon as he opened his mouth, he said twenty-five members of his family. Could it be that he had already figured out all his details?

He is the spokesperson of the Wade Family in Aurous Hill! The Wade Family's strength is extraordinary, and killing him is no different from killing an ant!

When he heard this, he was frightened suddenly.

He blurted out and begged for mercy: 'Mr. Charlie, don't be angry, Mr. Charlie, I have made a little misunderstanding, I and Mr.'

'You shut up!' Issac Craven cursed: 'Our young master's identity is highly confidential. If you talk too much, be careful that I kill your family!'

Orvel Hong trembled all over, shaking more severely than Parkinson's, and hurriedly said: 'Mr. Charlie, I am damned, I am damned! I must take care of this matter.'

A manager Issac is enough for him to kneel and lick, and the Wade family above Mr. Charlie is the ultimate existence that makes him look beyond sight, and he needs to look up all his life.

But now, he didn't know whether he was alive, and directly offended the young master of the Wade family? !

Thinking of this, Orvel Hong focused his gaze on Charlie, his legs softened
subconsciously, and he knelt in front of Charlie, and said with trepidation, 'Mr. Charlie, I'm sorry, I don't know she is your mother-in-law, I got Confused, I apologize to you! Please forgive me!'

After that, he softened his legs and knelt in front of Charlie.

Everyone present was stunned, watching Orvel Hong actually kneel down to apologize to Charlie, this Rubbish? ? ?

Even Young Mr. White is a dead dog in front of Orvel Hong. This young man can make Orvel Hong kneel on the ground. How sacred is this? !

Orvel Hong's little brothers are also scared stupid!

Master Orvel is the underground emperor of Aurous Hill! What kind of young man can make him kneel? !

Charlie didn't want Orvel Hong's life either, after all, it was his mother-in-law, not himself.

Moreover, speaking to the bottom of his heart, Charlie still felt that watching his mother-in-law getting beaten was so d*mn good!

So he said to Orvel Hong: 'I can forgive you this time, but talking about my mother-in- law's money, you must return it with profit!'

Orvel saw it was amnesty. He really didn't expect that Charlie would forgive himself. He squatted his head for the rest of his life and blurted out: 'Don't worry, I will do it!'

Having said that, he immediately shouted to Harley Zhou next to him: 'Hurry up and handle it! Take care or else I break your leg again!'

Elaine is already stupid, is this still her own waste son-in-law? Even the famous Orvel Hong would kneel down for him?

For a moment, Elaine felt that Charlie's image had grown taller in her own eyes, and how he became unpredictable.

Fred White, who had suffered several big mouths, was also dumbfounded. Isn't this Charlie a famous waste? Why is the fifth master so afraid of him?

At this time, Harley Zhou came over with a pale face carrying a black suitcase, and went to Elaine, and said in horror: 'Auntie, your principal is 1.3 million, and the dividends promised, 200,000, total It is 1.5 million, here is 2 million, and the remaining 500,000 is our apology, please accept '

Elaine is stupid!

When did my own useless son-in-law get so much ability?

The principal was returned, the promised dividend of 200,000 was returned, and did they give an extra 500,000?

Chapter 33
One million and three hundred thousand, two million per second, this made Elaine immediately overjoyed, and she couldn't believe it.

Immediately, she asked Harley Zhou with a look of surprise: 'The two million are really for me?'

Harley Zhou nodded hurriedly and said, 'Of course, it's all yours!'

'Oh, that's great!' Elaine was immediately excited.

Seeing Elaine got two million! Seven hundred thousand more principal! The other old men and women were all excited and crazy. They felt that since all her money was refunded, their own money should be refunded even with the profit?

So a few people took the lead and asked: 'Manager Zhou, what about our money?' Manager Zhou hurriedly looked at Orvel Hong.
Although Orvel Hong was not willing to vomit the money that he ate in his stomach, but the Charlie family who was offended this time, maybe even his life worth, so he couldn't care about the distress, and blurted out: 'Retire All back! For the sake of Mr. Charlie's
face, everyone's money is returned with all the profits!' The crowd suddenly cheered with excitement.
Charlie suddenly said coldly at this time: 'Mr Orvel, these people have nothing to do with me. What do you mean by looking at my face? Do you want to play moral kidnapping with me?'

Orvel Hong was startled, and blurted out, 'Mr. Charlie, what do you mean? Little confused, I don't understand.'

Charlie said: 'These people's money has nothing to do with me. If you want to refund, you can refund, if you don't want to refund, you won't refund, but if you dare to say that the refund is for the sake of my face, then don't blame me for turning my face now!'

These old men and old ladies have been taunting with Elaine just now. Why is he helping them get debts now?

On the contrary, not only would he not help them demand debts, but he would also give Orvel Hong some eye drops to let him figure it out and refunding the money to these old men and old ladies would offend him!

Orvel Hong understood immediately, and blurted out: 'Mr. Charlie, don't worry, I understand!'

After that, he said to Harley Zhou: 'Only refund Mr. Charlie's mother-in-law's money, nothing else!'

'Ah?!' The old ladies who were still ecstatic just now went crazy one by one, and some even cried and wailed.

Some people begged Charlie to show mercy, but Charlie turned a deaf ear. How did a bunch of old and disrespectful things sneer and insult him?
Now that I they saw him dealing with Orvel, they expect him to help? Go to your mother!
Seeing these old men and old ladies frying the pan, Orvel Hong suddenly shouted: 'It's all fcking shut up! Who the fck will say one more thing, if you quarrel with Mr. Charlie, I will kill you!'

These old men and old ladies suddenly didn't dare to say anything

Orvel Hong looked at Fred White who was stunned, and blurted out: 'Mr. Charlie, this Prince, is your friend?'

Charlie glanced at Fred White, and Fred White hurriedly begged: 'Charlie, Charlie! Charlie, help me! Tell Mr. Orvel, we are good friends! Please!'

Charlie snorted coldly and said to Orvel Hong: 'I don't know this person, you continue to fulfill your promise, and let him go after you have done enough.'

Orvel Hong immediately understood, and ordered his men: 'dmn, give him a hit, this b*tch, his presence fill my heart with anger!'

Fred White wailed in horror: 'Charlie! It's me who has eyes but not thinking! I beg you to help me, I beg you'

Chapter 34

Charlie looked at him and said coldly: 'I have no relatives, no cause, no grievances, no grudges, but you ridiculed me over and over again, asking me to save you again? Wake up, don't dream!'

Fred White suddenly collapsed and cried: 'Charlie, I really know I was wrong, please help me.'

Seeing that Charlie's expression was not good, Orvel Hong immediately shouted at his opponent: 'd*mn, you guys, why don't you do it? Are you looking for death?'

Several of his subordinates were taken aback, and hurriedly grabbed Fred White's neck and hair, crackling and twitching.

Fred White's mouth was full of blood and a few broken teeth, but he still didn't stop. Every slap was drawn extremely hard!

Orvel Hong asked Charlie with a smile, 'Mr. Charlie, are you satisfied with this treatment?'

Charlie nodded: 'Okay, that's it, I have to go.'

Orvel Hong hurriedly handed his business card to Charlie respectfully and
complimented: 'Mr. Charlie, this is my contact information. If you have anything in the future, please tell me, I will definitely be there on call.'

Charlie gave a hum, and put his business card into his pocket.

Then he said to his mother-in-law Elaine, 'Mom, it's late, let's go back!'

Although Elaine was slapped a few times, she earned 700,000 Dollar in the end, so she closed her mouth happily at the moment. Charlie was also full of pride when she saw that her son-in-law really gave her a face!

Charlie brought the money and took Elaine to leave. The old men and old ladies
gathered in front of Charlie, and said with intent, 'Oh, Charlie, it was the aunt who just messed it. We didn't expect you to be like this. Amazing, really young, and promising!'

'Yeah, Charlie, you are a talented person, and you look like a dragon and a phoenix among people. My son-in-law is far behind you.'

'See if you can help us and tell the manager, give us back the money, it's all our hard- earned money!'

Charlie frowned and said coldly: 'Why should I help you? Don't you all have eyes above your top? If you don't get the money back, you can ask your own son-in-law for help!'

After all, just take a step.

Everyone was very regretful when they heard this.

They blame themselves, there is now no way, now the opportunity to recover hard- earned money is completely gone

Thinking of this, some of them slapped themselves two slaps on the spot, and someone sat on the ground in despair, crying for father and mother, this is my coffin! It's all over if it's gone!

However, they didn't have any choice. To blame, they blame their own mouths and they don't have a good son-in-law like Charlie.

On the way home, Elaine asked Charlie with a flattering and full smile: 'Charlie, how do you know the fifth master Hong? Why was he so polite to you?'

Charlie said haha, 'How can I know someone like him? I just made a call to a classmate and he has the ability to let Harley refund the money.'

When Elaine heard this, she felt disappointed.

She thought that Charlie had something she didn't know, but he still asked for help. As a result, the eagerness in her heart was wiped out a lot in an instant.
But fortunately, she had to get the money back and made an extra 700,000 Dollar, which made her a little bit better about Charlie.

She opened her mouth and said to Charlie: 'Charlie, today, you have to keep a secret for your mother. Don't tell anyone that even though your mother is old, she has to have a face?'

Charlie smiled helplessly, and had no choice but to agree, and said, 'I know Mom.'

Chapter 35
After taking care of the mother-in-law's troubles, the mother-in-law took the cash and happily went to the bank to make a deposit.

Charlie went home directly.

Upon entering the house, seeing his wife Claire's shoes had been changed at the door, he knew that she had returned, so he went straight to the bedroom.

As soon as he entered the bedroom, he saw his wife Claire just hanging up the phone, with surprise and excitement on her face.

He curiously asked: 'Wife, who did you call just now?'

Claire said excitedly: 'It's my good girlfriend Elsa Dong! Do you remember her?'

'Remember.' Charlie nodded, and said, 'I used to be studying in Aurous Hill and I was close to her. She is like the daughter of the Eastcliff family, right?'

'Yes.' Claire said, 'Elsa's family is pretty good in Eastcliff.'

Charlie smiled and asked, 'What? She is coming to Aurous Hill to see you?' Claire said: 'It's not just to see me, she is coming to work in Aurous Hill!'
Charlie asked suspiciously: 'She is a daughter of the Eastcliff family. If she doesn't manage her own business, what kind of work can make her come to Aurous Hill?'

Claire said: 'I don't know much. She said she was going to work at the Emgrand Group, but as for why she came to Emgrand so far, I don't know.'

Charlie nodded but secretly thought: Although the Dong family is far behind the Wade family, in Eastcliff there is also some strength, Elsa has no need to give up her family's business and work in the imperial group.

Is there any special purpose for this woman to come to the Emgrand Group? Charlie was puzzled, but he couldn't be sure for a while.
It seemed that after Elsa joined the Emgrand Group, Doris Young could feel her bottom.

At this moment, Claire seemed to have thought of something, patted her forehead, and said, 'By the way, Charlie, I will have a meeting with someone from the Emgrand Group tomorrow. I can't get away. Can you pick me up at the airport? Elsa, arrange a place for her to catch the wind by the way.'

Charlie promised: 'Then I will make arrangements in advance tomorrow.'

Claire said again: 'By the way, find a better place, don't be afraid to spend money, take my bank card.'

With that, she passed the wallet to him.

Charlie hurriedly said, 'No, I have an acquaintance who has opened a restaurant that seems to be pretty good, so I can arrange it.'

After all, Charlie took out his cell phone directly, wanting to send a text message to Issac Craven in Shangri La, asking him to arrange a banquet.

But he thought about it carefully, Shangri-La was a surprise for his wife, to entertain Elsa, it would be better to change to another place.

So he sent a text message to that Orvel Hong.

'I want to host a banquet to entertain my friends, you help me arrange a high-end hotel, but not in Shangri-La.'

Soon, Orvel Hong replied a text message: 'Don't worry, Mr. Charlie, I have a Mansion under my name. It is a top restaurant in Aurous Hill and Shangri-La. I will help you
arrange the best diamond box and the best service for your banquet.' Charlie only replied one word: 'OK.'
The next day, Claire spent the entire day in the Emgrand Group, busy dealing with matters related to cooperation.

Charlie called Doris Young, the vice chairman of Emgrand Group, and asked her about Elsa's appointment.

Doris Young was surprised that Charlie knew about this. She said that Elsa was applying for an administrative director, a middle-level management position. Seeing that her resume was not bad, the group decided to admit her, and she had already been appointed for a few days.

Chapter 36
So Charlie urged her to observe this woman more after Elsa took the job, and always report to him if there was anything unusual.

After arranging for Doris Young, Charlie went out to take a taxi in the afternoon and went to the airport, ready to pick up Claire's best friend Elsa.

After arriving at the airport by taxi, Charlie was about to go to the arrival hall. A Mercedes-Benz suddenly braked and stopped in front of him.

Claire's cousin, Harold, suddenly got his head out of the car window, looked at Charlie with a strange frown, and asked, 'Charlie, why are you here?'

'I'm here to pick up a girlfriend of Claire, why are you here?'

Charlie frowned and found that the people sitting on this big G were all acquaintances, besides Harold, there were Gerald and Wendy.

Harold said contemptuously: 'You're talking about Miss Dong, right? Miss Dong has us to entertain her, so you are no longer needed, get out!'

Charlie snorted coldly, and said, 'If you want to get out, get out by yourself.'

After all, Charlie stopped responding to them and walked directly into the arrival hall.

Harold was about to swear, and Wendy next to him hurriedly reminded: 'Brother, Miss Dong is coming soon. Grandma reminded you that you must leave a good impression on Miss Dong! If you can turn her into a sister-in-law, you are here. Our family's status is no one can match, so don't interfere with this waste.'

Harold suddenly woke up.

Almost forgot the main purpose of coming here today.

In fact, it is the second-best thing to catch Elsa. It is the most important thing to leave a good impression on her and get her hand in his hand.

The Dong family's strength in Eastcliff is extraordinary. If they can come with her, then they will be on the same stage, and the Willson family can also ascend to the sky is worth.

So, he endured his dissatisfaction with Charlie, and they hurriedly got off and rushed to the arrival hall.

At this time, they saw a particularly conspicuous, young and beautiful woman in the crowd.

She wears long chestnut hair and a white skirt, which outlines an exquisite figure.

Although she is wearing sunglasses, her skin is as white as porcelain, her lips are full of flames, and the beauty of and allure cannot be concealed.

Looking closely at her, her appearance is by no means worse than Claire, and the two can be said to have their own merits.

For a moment, the sight of the crowd picking up passage focused on her. Harold was already dumbfounded.

Even Gerald, who was watching the excitement next to him, was shocked and couldn't help but sigh: 'As expected of Eastcliff's ladies, the temperament is really different.'

At this time, Elsa also saw the crowd, and hurriedly walked over from the crowd, waved to them, and said, 'Gerald, Wendy, and Charlie, long time no see!'

Harold's heart surged with enthusiasm, and he said first: 'Long time no see, Elsa, you have become more beautiful.'

Charlie smiled, and said: 'Long time no see.'

Harold hurriedly said at this moment: 'Elsa, knowing that you are coming, I specially booked a box at the best hotel in Aurous Hill, waiting to pick you up, let's go there now.'

Elsa glanced at Charlie and said sorry to Harold: 'Harold, I'm really sorry. I have already made an appointment with Claire and Charlie in advance. Let's make an appointment another day. Anyway, I will stay in Aurous Hill for a long time. , There will be
opportunities in the future.'

When Harold heard these words, his heart couldn't help but become angry. On such an important day, Charlie, the smelly wire, came to mess with him, it was really horrible.

So, he deliberately said: 'Elsa, to welcome you, I ordered the most famous Mansion in Aurous Hill, and it is a gold box with a minimum consumption of 300,000!'

As he said that, he looked at Charlie contemptuously, and said with a grin: 'I don't know where my live-in brother-in-law ordered the banquet? If the grade is too low, wouldn't
that be equal to neglecting you!'

Chapter 37
Charlie was also a little surprised when he heard that Harold's choice turned out to be Classic Mansion.

What a coincidence, didn't Hong Wu say that he opened Classic Mansion? It seems that he also prepared a banquet in Classic Mansion, right?

At this time, Gerald on the side was surprised and said: 'Harold, you can actually book the golden box of Classic Mansion? This is not something ordinary people can book!'

Harold smiled triumphantly: 'To be honest, apart from the top diamond box in Classic Mansion, I really can't book it, the others are really nothing.'

Having said that, this is just Harold's bragging.

In fact, in order to book this golden box, Mrs. Willson personally came forward and paid a lot of money, entrusting several talents to successfully book it.

Elsa had heard of the name of Classic Mansion in Eastcliff, and hurriedly said: 'Everyone is a friend, there is no need to be so extravagant.'

Harold said flatly: 'You are a distinguished guest, how can you be treated like ordinary friends.'

After that, he asked Charlie again: 'Brother-in-law, I don't know where you ordered the banquet?'

Charlie said faintly: 'It's a coincidence, I also ordered Classic Mansion.' 'Hahaha!' Harold laughed presumptuously: 'Charlie, you are not afraid of bragging, you're one of a kind. You can't even book the bronze box in Classic Mansion, so you dare to play here.'

Charlie smiled indifferently, and said, 'If I blow or not, what does it have to do with you? I'm not inviting you to dinner. What are you doing with so much leisure?'

Harold said coldly: 'Cut, I see you like this, you can't even enter the door of Classic Mansion!'

Elsa on the side couldn't bear to see Charlie being targeted.

She knew that Charlie was a live-in son-in-law, and had no money and status in the Willson family. It was really unrealistic to say that she could live in a top hotel, paid by him.

It is estimated that Charlie said this deliberately because he wanted to face.

So she didn't want Charlie to be too embarrassed, so she opened up and said to him:
'Oh, there is no need to argue about this. Since everyone ordered the same place, then just go together.'

Harold sarcastically said to Charlie: 'Well, for Elsa's face, let me grab you a meal today, and let you see what high-end hotels look like!'

Charlie snorted and ignored him.

Orvel would kneel when he sees him. What was the hotel he opened in his own eyes? It's a pity that Harold's cock is nothing more than a blind eye!
Classic Mansion is a quaint Chinese-style hotel, the decoration and style are full of traditional classical charm, extremely luxurious, even the signboard at the door is made of high-quality yellow rosewood.

Charlie looked at the decorations in Classic Mansion and was a little surprised.

Unexpectedly, Orvel's restaurant is really pretty good, and he can bring his wife over to have a taste of food in the future.

Elsa looked around and exclaimed: 'I heard the name of Classic Mansion when I was in Eastcliff, and it really deserves its reputation.'

Harold smiled and said, 'If you come here, Elsa, of course, you have to use the best hotel too.'

After finishing speaking, he glanced at Charlie and sneered: 'It's not like some people. If it weren't for your light, they would never have the chance to come to such a high-end restaurant in their entire life.'

Chapter 38
Wendy asked deliberately at this time: 'Charlie, didn't you also book a box in Classic Mansion? Which one is it? Take us to open our eyes?'

Charlie said lightly: 'I can't remember which one is specific. I just sent a text message to their boss and asked him to help arrange it, and wait for me to look at the text message record.'

Harold sarcastically said, 'Do you know who the boss here is? Just save your big talk here. The boss here is the famous Mr. Orvel. You dare to say such big things. Beware that Orvel hears it will you with fingers.'

At this time, Charlie turned on the phone and checked the text message Orvel sent to him last night and said lightly: 'He said that he left me the Diamond Box.'

When Harold heard Charlie's words, he immediately laughed: 'Hahaha Diamond Box? Charlie, you are afraid to laugh at me. Do you know who can go to the Diamond Box? Prince of Aurous Hill is eligible to enter the Diamond Box, no more than ten people! You're a sh!t!'

Elsa has not spoken, but she can't help but think to herself that this Charlie also loves face too much, so how could he get the diamond box in his capacity? She used to think that this person had no money and power and was a little bit useless, but she did not expect him to be such a person who admires vanity.

What a disappointment!

Charlie laughed and didn't say anything. In his opinion, these people who ridiculed
themselves were with low mental retardation, but he didn't bother to be familiar with them.

Gerald also sarcastically said: 'Charlie, even my father is not qualified to eat in the diamond box, you dare to brag!'

Wendy echoed: 'Brother Gerald, let alone eating in the Diamond Box, this kind of person is not eligible to eat leftovers in the Diamond Box!'

Charlie looked at Gerald and couldn't help but sneer.

You stupid bird, Mr. Orvel just beat your brother yesterday, do you still dare to come to his restaurant for dinner?

So he deliberately asked: 'Brother Gerald, I heard that something happened to your brother yesterday?'

Gerald frowned: 'How do you know?'

After that, Gerald said again: 'My brother was assaulted yesterday, and he is still unconscious. We are investigating who injured him and stripped him at that time! Do you have any clue?'

Charlie shook his head and deliberately pretended to be stupid: 'I don't know. I just heard that something happened to him. I don't know what happened.'

'Humph!' Gerald said contemptuously: 'You Rubbish, don't talk about my White family with that mouth. Next time, be careful that I'll not polite to you!'

Charlie smiled and ignored him. Sure enough, it is a family of idiots!
Don't even know that his brother was knocked unconscious by Orvel? It's really interesting.

At this moment, a man in black rushed straight to the crowd and met him.

Seeing him a little familiar, Charlie remembered that he was one of Orvel's bodyguards.

When the man saw Charlie, he recognized him, his face was full of enthusiasm and kindness, and he almost immediately bowed to him.

Charlie shook his head hurriedly towards him.

The black-clothed man hurriedly stopped, thinking that Mr. Charlie does not like being too high-profile, so he directly said: 'Guests, please come with me, the box has been
prepared for a long time.'

Harold was taken aback when he heard the words. When did the golden box service of Classic Pavilion be so attentive, someone came to greet him personally before he reported his name.

What a face!

Gerald on the side sighed: 'Harold, your reputation is really big enough. I think he seems to be a person next to Mr. Orvel. It seems that Mr. Orvel attaches great
importance to you. Did you know Mr. Orvel? Didn't you hear it? Yes, you are really low- key.'

Harold laughed and said with a smug face: 'There is no need to show off this kind of thing. It's better to keep a low profile! Hahahaha!'

Chapter 39
Elsa was a little surprised.

Unexpectedly, Harold really had some connections in Aurous Hill, compared to Charlie, that was so much stronger.

It seems that in the future if she walks into Aurous Hill with him, it will be much more convenient for her daily activities.

The black man respectfully led everyone to the door of the diamond box.

Afterward, he took out the list, handed it to Charlie directly, and said softly: 'Sir, please sign it.'

This diamond box was specially reserved for Charlie, and he needed to sign for confirmation.

Charlie smiled and took the pen and paper, and was about to write his name when Harold's voice suddenly rang.

'd*mn, put the pen down!'

Harold walked over with a calm face, grabbed the pen and paper from Charlie's hand,
brushed his name down, and yelled at Charlie: 'You want to be shameless? Who ordered the box? Do you even count? What qualifications do you have to sign here!'

The black-clothed man was immediately dumbfounded, looked at Charlie, and gave him a questioning look, which means, do you need me to help you teach this b@stard now.

Charlie said indifferently: 'It's okay. If he wants to sign, let him sign.'

In front of Elsa, Charlie didn't want to make things too embarrassing, after all, she was his wife's best friend.

Soon, everyone in the box sat down.

Harold arranged for Elsa to sit in the lead, while Charlie sat in the corner alone, only Elsa said a few words to him from time to time.

Soon, exquisite dishes and wine were presented by the waiter.

All the dishes are very particular about the ingredients, the top-quality abalone and ten catties of Australian lobster can only be used as a foil here.

Even fine wine is a century-old national wine, and a bottle of half a catty alone can sell for more than 100,000.

Elsa is also a well-informed person and was shocked by the extravagance of this meal. Gerald sighed, 'Harold, how much is the standard for your meal?'
Harold said triumphantly: 'My meal is 300,000.'

Gerald said in surprise, 'This is not the standard of 300,000. The bottles of wine alone are more than 300,000.'

Harold was secretly frightened, and suddenly felt something was not right. Reminiscing about the attitude of the man in black just now, could it be that Orvel gave him any special treatment?

However, he doesn't even know him!

Elsa's beautiful eyes flickered, she glanced at Harold and said, 'Harold, thank you!' When Harold heard Elsa's words, he smiled and said, 'This should be done everywhere.'
With that, Harold smiled and asked Charlie: 'Charlie, you must have never eaten such a good thing in your life?'

Charlie sneered: 'What gives you the confidence?'

Harold said contemptuously: 'After eating my food, that broken mouth is so hard! You f*cking had a chance to eat such a good thing before, I twist your head off and kick it for you!'

Charlie smiled indifferently. The days he lived when he was a child were extremely luxurious that ordinary people could not think of. Such a meal at Wade's family is also a meal for the people.

Seeing Charlie's silence, Wendy said angrily: 'Charlie, what kind of attitude do you use to talk to my brother? Believe it or not, I will let you get out now! We let you eat the meal and you will act shamelessly. What a f*cking stinky rag!'

However, at this moment!

The door of the box was kicked open vigorously, and a fierce voice rang: 'Where did you idiots come from? Who the h*ll let you in this box!'

As soon as he finished speaking, a man wearing an Armani suit, a big gold chain, and a centipede-like scar on his face spread from the corner of his eyes to his chin.

This man holds a bill in one hand and a stick in the other, with a fierce face!

A dozen burly men with scarred tattoos lined up next to them, surrounding everyone. Everyone was stunned, panicked, what is the situation?

The leader is named Brother Biao, who is Orvel's, right-hand man. He beat the world with him in his early years, and he is also a famous person in Aurous Hill.

This time Orvel told him that it was the extremely noble Mr. Charlie to use the diamond box of Classic Pavilion, so he must arrange it properly.

But he never thought that when inspecting the use of the box, it was discovered that the diamond box was signed by Harold, who was angry and afraid.

Raging with anger, this d*mn Harold occupied the box he prepared for the distinguished guests;

Chapter 40:
I'm afraid that there is only one table for the top banquet in the Diamond Box, and the real guests will be coming. What should I do?

At this moment, Harold stood up and said, 'What are you doing? I reserved this box. Why did you break in and make trouble?'

Brother Biao pointed at Harold and asked him, 'Are you, Harold?' Harold nodded and said proudly: 'I am!'
Brother Biao said coldly: 'Bring him to me!'

Upon hearing this, the two sturdy big men directly pulled Harold up and dragged him over.

'What are you doing? Let go of me!'

'Drafting, what are you talking nonsense!'

A sturdy man directly kicked his knee, and Harold knelt directly in front of Brother Biao.

Brother Biao's cold eyes looked back and forth on Harold, making people chill like a blade.

Snapped!

The signature slip was thrown directly on Harold's head.

Brother Biao scolded, 'Who gave you the authority to use this box?'

Harold pretended to be calm and said: 'There must be a misunderstanding, I ordered this golden box in advance, and I have paid the 300,000 deposit!'

Gerald also interjected: 'What are you doing? This box is set by Harold. Do you have any rules?'

Brother Biao took a spit and slapped Harold and said, 'Golden box? This is a d*mn diamond box for distinguished guests! You can also use this rubbish?!'

As soon as these words came out, everyone was stunned. Diamond box?
No wonder this box is extremely luxurious, and the dishes and wines are among the top ones. It turns out that it is not a golden box at all!

Gerald broke into a cold sweat, and the diamond box was so honorable that he was not qualified to enter on his own with others, let alone use it.

Wendy quickly said: 'Brother, you don't know Mr. Orvel, please explain to them quickly.'

Harold screamed and hurriedly said, 'Shut up, what nonsense, how can I know Orvel in my capacity.'

Wendy said, 'But didn't you just say'

Elsa saw the performance of the two brothers with her eyes, but she didn't even know what Harold said just now was bragging.

She was a little disappointed suddenly.

Brother Biao sneered at this time and said: 'You f*cking dare to talk about the banner of Mr. Orvel, you guys are so filthy and crooked!'

As Biao said, he stood up and told the boys: 'Hold down this kid's hand! I will teach him a lesson.'

Harold was immediately held down, unable to move! Next second!
Brother Biao held the stick and smashed it down without hesitation! 'Ah my hand, my hand is useless!'
Harold screamed frantically, sweating all over his body, and anger came from his crotch, and he passed out in a shameful manner.

Seeing this scene, Gerald and Wendy both turned pale and frightened.

Harold, who was still in full swing just now, was beaten back to his prototype in an instant. Who can't be afraid?

Elsa was also scared enough, her whole body was shaking, hiding behind Charlie, and said in horror: 'What can we do about this? Are they allowed to kill people?'

Charlie patted Elsa on the shoulder and comforted: 'Don't be afraid, no one will touch you if I am here.'

Elsa glanced at Charlie gratefully. Although she knew that Charlie could not solve such troubles, she still felt a little relieved by his words.

Here, Brother Biao kicked Harold, like pigs are beaten to death, and cursed: 'What a fool!'

Brother Biao turned his head and looked at Gerald again.

'And you, just now you said I had no rules, right? Come on, you fucking filth